DCKUBE-625: Provide guidance on how to appropriately scale Jira (#275)
atlassian/data-center-helm-charts: docs/docs/userguide/resource_management/JIRA_INDEX_SNAPSHOT.md

> # Configure Jira for index snapshots

Reviewer: Creating an initial index snapshot in Jira

> These steps should be followed to enable shared index snapshots with Jira   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These steps should be followed to enable shared index snapshots with Jira:
```

> 1. Log into the Jira instance as the `admin` user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log into the Jira instance as the Administrator
```

1. Go to `Settings` -> `System` -> `Indexing`
1. There should be no errors on this page i.e.
![good-index](../../assets/images/good-index.png)
1.  If there are errors (as seen below) perform a `Full re-index` before proceeding
![bad-index](../../assets/images/bad-index.png)
1. Once the `Full re-index` is complete, scroll down to `Index Recovery` settings visible on the same page
![index-recovery-settings](../../assets/images/index-recovery-settings.png)
1. Take note of the current settings

> 1. Temporarly change these values (`Edit Settings`), as depicted in the screen shot below. The cron expression will create an index snapshot every minute

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Temporarily change these values (`Edit Settings`), as depicted in the screenshot below. The cron expression will create an index snapshot every minute
```

![edit-index-recovery-settings](../../assets/images/edit-index-recovery-settings.png)
1. Wait for the snapshot to be created, by checking for an archive in `<shared-home>/export/indexsnapshots`

> 1. When the snapshot is available, revert the settings noted in `step 6` above

Reviewer: We can include the default value here in case user don't have the value from the previous step.

> 1. Consider keeping the `Enable index recovery` setting `ON`

Reviewer: Is it `ON` by default?

Author: Updated to:

Consider keeping the `Enable index recovery` setting so that it is set to `ON`
